update README with AWS MSK implementation (#40)
ONSdigital/dp-kafka: README.md

## Configuration

By default, the library assumes plaintext connections, unless the configuration argument has a non-nil `SecurityConfig` field.

## Life-cycle

> ### Setup app to use AWS MSK

Reviewer: I would have put this in a separate file - e.g. `MIGRATING.md` perhaps

Reviewer: Also, I would have not focused on 'MSK' as the driving factor for this,
but instead on 'TLS' as the feature that you gain.

Adding TLS to dp-kafka is a benefit we can use for any kafka installation that is configured to use TLS.
It's just that when we moved to MSK, we also moved to TLS.

```suggestion
### Setup app to use TLS
```

> Amazon Managed Streaming for Apache Kafka (Amazon MSK) is a fully managed service that enables you to build and run applications that use Apache Kafka to process streaming data. 
  
As of 2021, our apps have migrated from running our own Kafka to using Amazon MSK as it provides the control-plane operations, such as those for creating, updating, and deleting clusters and lets you use Apache Kafka data-plane operations, such as those for producing and consuming data. 

> To use AWS MSK, please do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use TLS, please do the following:
```

> #### 1. Add kafka topics to manifest

Reviewer: have you got a markdown linter installed? install one :)

my linter says that header lines, like this, require one blank line before and after (here and throughout the file)

Author: Installing the markdown linter was an amazing idea. Fixed all those problems. Thank you Gedge

First of all, we need to update the manifest of the app to contain the kafka topics which the app uses. This is done as follows:

1. Create feature branch for the upcoming changes to the manifest of the app in [`dp-configs`][dp-configs]

> 2. In the [manifest of the app][dp-configs-manifests], add the revelant kafka topics at the end of the file as follows

Reviewer: there is documentation for this: https://github.com/ONSdigital/dp-configs/tree/master/manifests#kafka-section-detail

I'd remove most of this section in preference for that link (and if the linked page needs improving, move this section to that doc)

>    ```go

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ```yml
```

Author: Done

		kafka:
			topics:
				- name: `topic name 1` (e.g. `content-published`)

> 				subnets: [ `web` or `publishing` or both `web, publishing` ]

Reviewer: indentation is wrong

				access: [ `read` or `write` ]
				- name: `topic name 2` 
				subnets: [ `web` or `publishing` or both `web, publishing` ]
				access: [ `read` or `write` ]
   ```
   | Field           | Explanation																																							 
   | --------------- | -------------
   | `name`          | The name of the kafka topic which the app uses
   | `subnets`       | The subnet where the kafka topic is being used. Either, it is used in `web`, `publishing` or both `web and publishing`
   | `access`        | Determines whether the app uses the kafka topic to produce messages or consume messages. If the app produces messages to the topic, then the access is `write` and if the app consumes messages from the topic, it has `read` access
   
   **An example of adding kafka topics to the manifest can be found [here][manifest-example]**
3. `Review` and `merge` these changes to continue with the [next step](#create-client-certificate-for-the-app---run-key-admin-script)

#### 2. Create client certificate for the app - Run `key-admin` script

> Next, we need to create a `client certificate` for the app so that it can connect and authenticate to `AWS MSK` using `TLS` and its client certificate. This can be achieved by running the `key-admin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, we need to create a *client certificate* for the app so that
it can connect and authenticate using TLS and its client certificate.
This can be achieved by running `key-admin`.
```

  
##### Notes
1. The `key-admin` script checks the manifests of the apps in [`dp-configs`][dp-configs] to see whether a client certificate needs to be created for the app by checking whether any kafka topics are mentioned in the manifest. Therefore, please make sure that your local machine is on the **`master`** branch for [`dp-configs`][dp-configs] which contains all your changes to the [previous step](#add-kafka-topics-to-manifest).

> 2. Remember to do `Step 4` of the [Client Certificate README][client-cert-readme] to inject the relevant certificate details into the app's secrets using the `--secrets` argument unless if an existing app is being [migrated to AWS MSK](#migration-to-aws-msk) in which this step is done later

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Remember to do *Step 4* of the [Client Certificate README][client-cert-readme] to inject the relevant certificate details into the app's secrets (using the `--secrets` argument) unless the app is being [migrated to AWS MSK](#migration-to-aws-msk) in which case this step is done later
```

Author: Done

3. Please remember to come back to this README after completing this task to continue with the process.
  

> **Follow the steps explained in the Client Certificate README - https://github.com/ONSdigital/dp-setup/tree/develop/csr/private to run `key-admin`**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Follow the steps explained in the [Client Certificate README][client-cert-readme] to run `key-admin`**
```

- any new topics (topic manager creates them)
- new clients/apps (i.e. certs) using the service:
  - topic manager authorises the clients/apps (i.e. certs) to gain the right access (read and/or write) to its topics
  - renewed certs do not need a re-run of topic manager

##### Notes
1. The `topic-manager` script checks the manifests of the apps in [`dp-configs`][dp-configs] to see if any changes to kafka topics (adding or deleting topics) needs to be applied to AWS MSK by checking the kafka topics mentioned in the manifest. Therefore, please make sure that your local machine is on the **`master`** branch for [`dp-configs`][dp-configs] which contains all your changes to the [previous step](#add-kafka-topics-to-manifest).
2. Please remember to come back to this README after completing this task to continue with the process.
  
**Follow the steps explained in the Kafka Setup Tools README -  https://github.com/ONSdigital/dp-setup/tree/develop/scripts/kafka to run `topic-manager`**

#### 4. Add configs in the app to use AWS MSK

> Once all the basic components has been setup for the app to use AWS MSK from the previous steps, the app itself needs to be updated to use the AWS MSK configurations. To achieve this, please do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the components (in previous steps) have been setup for the app to use TLS,
the app itself needs to be updated to use TLS. To achieve this, please do the following:
```

Author: Done

1. Update the app `README.md` to include kafka configurations to connect to AWS MSK using TLS

>    ```go

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ```markdown
```
?

Author: Done

	| Environment variable         | Default                                   | Description
	| ---------------------------- | ----------------------------------------- | -----------
	| KAFKA_ADDR                   | localhost:9092                            | The kafka broker addresses (can be comma separated)
	| KAFKA_VERSION                | "1.0.2"                                   | The kafka version that this service expects to connect to
	| KAFKA_SEC_PROTO              | _unset_                                   | if set to `TLS`, kafka connections will use TLS [[1]](#notes_1)
	| KAFKA_SEC_CA_CERTS           | _unset_                                   | CA cert chain for the server cert [[1]](#notes_1)
	| KAFKA_SEC_CLIENT_KEY         | _unset_                                   | PEM for the client key [[1]](#notes_1)
	| KAFKA_SEC_CLIENT_CERT        | _unset_                                   | PEM for the client certificate [[1]](#notes_1)
	| KAFKA_SEC_SKIP_VERIFY        | false                                     | ignores server certificate issues if `true` [[1]](#notes_1)
   ```

>    ```go

Reviewer: remove these?

	**Notes:**

		1. <a name="notes_1">For more info, see the [kafka TLS examples documentation](https://github.com/ONSdigital/dp-kafka/tree/main/examples#tls)</a>

   ```
2. Add the configurations to `config.go`
   ```go
	// KafkaTLSProtocolFlag informs service to use TLS protocol for kafka
	const KafkaTLSProtocolFlag = "TLS"
   ```
   ```go
	type Config struct {
		// TO-REMOVE: this struct already contains other configs in the app but update this struct accordingly with the following organised layout
		KafkaConfig                KafkaConfig
	}

	// KafkaConfig contains the config required to connect to Kafka
	type KafkaConfig struct {

> 		BindAddr                 []string `envconfig:"KAFKA_ADDR"                            json:"-"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		Brokers                 []string `envconfig:"KAFKA_ADDR"`
```

		Version                  string   `envconfig:"KAFKA_VERSION"`
		SecProtocol              string   `envconfig:"KAFKA_SEC_PROTO"`
		SecCACerts               string   `envconfig:"KAFKA_SEC_CA_CERTS"`
		SecClientKey             string   `envconfig:"KAFKA_SEC_CLIENT_KEY"                  json:"-"`
		SecClientCert            string   `envconfig:"KAFKA_SEC_CLIENT_CERT"`
		SecSkipVerify            bool     `envconfig:"KAFKA_SEC_SKIP_VERIFY"`
	}
   ```
   ```go
   // TO-REMOVE: set the default values of the kafka configs in the Get() as the following
   KafkaConfig: KafkaConfig{

> 			BindAddr:                 []string{"localhost:9092"},

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			Brokers:                 []string{"localhost:9092"},
```

			Version:                  "1.0.2",
			SecProtocol:              "",
			SecCACerts:               "",
			SecClientCert:            "",
			SecClientKey:             "",
			SecSkipVerify:            false,
   },
   ```
3. Update the test to check config default values in `config_test.go` accordingly
   ```go

>    So(cfg.KafkaConfig.BindAddr[0], ShouldEqual, "localhost:9092")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   So(cfg.KafkaConfig.Brokers, ShouldResemble, []string{"localhost:9092"})
```

Author: Done

   So(cfg.KafkaConfig.Version, ShouldEqual, "1.0.2")
   So(cfg.KafkaConfig.SecProtocol, ShouldEqual, "")
   So(cfg.KafkaConfig.SecCACerts, ShouldEqual, "")
   So(cfg.KafkaConfig.SecClientCert, ShouldEqual, "")
   So(cfg.KafkaConfig.SecClientKey, ShouldEqual, "")

>    So(cfg.KafkaConfig.SecSkipVerify, ShouldEqual, false)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   So(cfg.KafkaConfig.SecSkipVerify, ShouldBeFalse)
```

Author: Done

1. Create feature branch for the upcoming changes to the manifest of the app in [`dp-configs`][dp-configs]
2. In the [manifest of the app][dp-configs-manifests], add the revelant kafka topics at the end of the file as follows

  ```yml
  kafka:
    topics:
      - name: `topic name 1` (e.g. `content-published`)
        subnets: [ `web` or `publishing` or both `web, publishing` ]
        access: [ `read` or `write` ]
      - name: `topic name 2` 
        subnets: [ `web` or `publishing` or both `web, publishing` ]
        access: [ `read` or `write` ]
  ```

   More details of kafka section can be found [here][kafka-section-detail]

   **An example of adding kafka topics to the manifest can be found [here][manifest-example]**
3. `Review` and `merge` these changes to continue with the [next step](#create-client-certificate-for-the-app---run-key-admin-script)

#### 2. Create client certificate for the app - Run `key-admin` script

Next, we need to create a *client certificate* for the app so that
it can connect and authenticate using `TLS` and its client certificate.

> This can be achieved by running the `key-admin`.

Author: Done

  
**Notes:**

1. The `key-admin` script checks the manifests of the apps in [`dp-configs`][dp-configs] to see whether a client certificate needs to be created for the app by checking whether any kafka topics are mentioned in the manifest. Therefore, please make sure that your local machine is on the **`master`** branch for [`dp-configs`][dp-configs] which contains all your changes to the [previous step](#add-kafka-topics-to-manifest).
2. Remember to do *Step 4* of the [Client Certificate README][client-cert-readme] to inject the relevant certificate details into the app's secrets (using the `--secrets` argument) unless the app is being [migrated to AWS MSK](MIGRATING.md) in which case this step is done later
3. Please remember to come back to this README after completing this task to continue with the process.
  
**Follow the steps explained in the [Client Certificate README][client-cert-readme] to run `key-admin`**

#### 3. Apply kafka topics to AWS MKS - Run `topic-manager` script

> Next, we need to apply the kafka topics used by the app to AWS MSK. This can be achieved by running the `topic-manager` script. Running the script informs AWS MSK of:

Author: Done
